---
layout: posts
author_profile: true
category: nine-worlds
header:
  teaser: /assets/images/viking.webp
---

No, no, George, look, it's just an act, right? Okay, so 9:00 you're strolling through the parking lot, you see us struggling in the car, you walk up, you open the door and you say, your line, George. I don't like her, Marty. Any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble. Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it. Ahh. Good, there's somebody I'd like you to meet. Lorraine.

<!-- more -->

You can't, uh, that is, uh, nobody's home. Marty, is that you? Say, why do you let those boys push you around like that? Biff, stop it. Biff, you're breaking his arm. Biff, stop. It's taken me almost thirty years and my entire family fortune to realize the vision of that day, my god has it been that long. Things have certainly changed around here. I remember when this was all farmland as far as the eye could see. Old man Peabody, owned all of this. He had this crazy idea about breeding pine trees.

What about George? Alright, good-bye Einy. Oh, watch that re-entry, it's a little bumpy. Whoa, whoa, Biff, what's that? See, there's Biff out there waxing it right now. Now, Biff, I wanna make sure that we get two coats of wax this time, not just one. Oh, oh Marty, here's your keys. You're all waxed up, ready for tonight.

Lynda, first of all, I'm not your answering service. Second of all, somebody named Greg or Craig called you just a little while ago. I don't know, Doc, I guess she felt sorry for him cause her did hit him with the car, hit me with the car. Are you gonna order something, kid? Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. The storm.

This is it. This is the answer. It says here that a bolt of lightning is gonna strike the clock tower precisely at 10:04 p.m. next Saturday night. If we could somehow harness this bolt of lightning, channel it into the flux capacitor, it just might work. Next Saturday night, we're sending you back to the future. No, get out of town, my mom thinks I'm going camping with the guys. Well, Jennifer, my mother would freak out if she knew I was going up there with you. And I get this standard lecture about how she never did that kind of stuff when she was a kid. Now look, I think she was born a nun. Well uh, good, fine. Doc? What's with the life preserver?